Install guide improvements (#8359)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/comp-mgr/cli/dev_update-magento.md

---
group: software-update-guide
title: Update the Magento application
menu_title: Update the Magento application
menu_order: 2
menu_node:
functional_areas:
  - Upgrade
redirect_from:
  - guides/v2.4/install-gde/install/cli/dev_update-magento.html
---

> This topic discusses how a contributing developer can update the Magento application without reinstalling it. To perform an upgrade if you're *not* a contributing developer, see [Updating the Magento application and components]({{ page.baseurl }}/comp-mgr/bk-compman-upgrade-guide.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic discusses how a contributing developer can update the Magento application without reinstalling it. To perform an upgrade if you are *not* a contributing developer, see [Updating the Magento application and components]({{ page.baseurl }}/comp-mgr/bk-compman-upgrade-guide.html).
```

> To update the Magento software if you're a contributing developer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the Magento software if you are a contributing developer:
```
